Use HERMES_SERVER_DB_PASSWORD env var for postgresql password (#289)
hashicorp-forge/hermes: README.md

make docker/postgres/start
```

> Configure the database password with the `HERMES_SERVER_DB_PASSWORD` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database password can be configured via the Hermes config.hcl or the `HERMES_SERVER_POSTGRES_PASSWORD` environment variable.
```
